Reolink: Clarify where the user account is needed (#29835)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/reolink.markdown

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

> On the devive a user account with admin privileges is needed for the proper operation of this integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the Reolink device, a user account with admin privileges is needed for the proper operation of this integration.
```
